good morning ladies and gentlemen
welcome to supercars of London in
Austria I'm getting a losing track of
all of the countries that we're going to
I think we went through for yesterday
today is a really exciting one we're
going to be hitting the Autobahn there's
a car coming
it's not a supercar so we're gonna be
hitting the auto bar with my card Tim's
car Sam's car especially our a and all
of the cars that around the corner and
this is the first time that probably
have been legal to go more than 70 or 80
miles an hour so I'm looking forward to
just trialing how my car handles a bit
more over the speed limit maybe like
some triple figures or whatever but it's
also going to be a chance to see cars
like this attempt to reach 200 miles an
hour which i think is Tim's goal from
today so first things first let's start
the car up get it outside see how dirty
it is move we are in group numero uno
with the 4c and with the Ferrari 458
speciale e behind and the reason we are
in group number one for this section of
the trip is because me and Sam want to
be sitting right at the front
all of the guys with balls laughing and
this am send the next group are already
on their way and back to the reason why
we're number one is because we want to
catch the Lamborghinis the McLaren's the
Porsches
all of those cars just flat out just to
really get glimpse of how fast these
cars look when they go into super speeds
and of course it's all legal the
Autobahn
we've really gotta move on because the
second group is already on
in Germany
we've made it to Germany and we are what
I assume to be an Autobot I'm not sure
whether the Autobahn means the D
restricted bits or whether it just means
a motorway in general I think it us so
we're on the first Autobahn
of course not the whole Autobahn is just
go as fast if you want they have made it
quite safe in some parts
so we're just cruising now at the speed
limit to try and get to addy restricted
zone to win the cars catch up with us we
can slow down a bit
wait for them and get them going to get
passed that's it
unrestricted speeds so we're just
cruising at the moment but aside let you
know that we are in Germany
here we go take one
the orange McLaren 12c
hahaha
Oh
here comes the 4c what a beast
ha
you
when someone told me I'd be driving on
the Autobahn today this is not what I
had in mind especially Harley up front
Alfa 4c behind crawling pace
today has been a long day it's just
getting longer by the second I thought
autobahns are supposed to be
free-flowing wonderful traffic
wonderful road sorry
I don't even think I've got above 30
miles an hour in the last two hours and
I've still got a good two and a half
hours to go before we arrive in Cologne
that wasn't where this album police car
over but yeah this is just not fun in
the slightest
so the best run was in the morning but I
think we're going to be doing a bit of
Autobahn on Sunday heading to Brussels
in Belgium
so fingers crossed we get a good run
then because I'm just completely wiped
out
more than 15 miles an hour
and the cars in front of what we doing
front is not doing anything
so hopefully I'll get some more footage
or better footage of the Autobahn but I
hope you guys have enjoyed this video
and yeah it's just a complete luck
potluck how good the whole hotel Wi-Fi
is at the moment so
doing my best together videos out there
all edited but it's just a case of
actually getting them onto the internet
which is the problem but I'm getting
there and if like for some reason they
don't work then I mean we're just gonna
have a lot of fun when we get back to
England uploading them all and getting
two videos out a day wonder from England
and one from last week which is today
but back in Europe so I'll say thank you
for watching and I'll see you guys
hopefully tomorrow fingers crossed again
with the hotel Wi-Fi so trips should
become a bit of potluck in at the moment
we've had no luck